alright guys it's december twenty third
Monday and haven't been blogging for the
past few days really i've been sick
obviously could probably tell i haven't
been feeling great I had a fever sore
throat cough I don't know i'm just like
whatever general colds or whatever been
pretty rough but I'm feeling better now
I still have a cough and a little bit of
shortness of breath but feeling good I
still was able to hit all my workouts
and everything I wasn't feeling a
hundred percent but I still did pretty
well with all my lifts and everything
which I'm happy about hey I didn't
really have any like that body soreness
like myalgias or any muscle soreness or
anything so really it wasn't bad in the
gym I do I had a headache for like the
past four days that's the thing that's
probably bothering been bothering me the
most but I was able to hit all my
workouts still which I'm definitely
happy about hit a new low this morning
at 180 2.4 so I at the refeed at a 450
Graham carb refeed on Saturday and on
Sunday obviously my weight went up a
little bit too like 180 4.8 I think and
then today and ended up hitting a new
low so definitely good good news they're
still getting leaner weight is dropping
pretty quickly still so I've been
checking in daily with my coach Tyler
with my way ends and everything so we're
going to after I I give my weight
tomorrow I guess I'll see if he's going
to give me more food on Christmas Eve or
Christmas and look at this fucking cunt
let me get let me get that in focus so i
can see the ABS what the hell man you
interrupted my blog man was I saying
Tyler gave you card yeah so we're gonna
probably bump up
food either on Christmas Eve or
Christmas Day probably Christmas Eve
because that's the day that we have like
the big dinner we have we do the seven
fish because our family's Italian some
I'm sure some of you guys do the same
thing for that so I mean either way it
doesn't really matter to me I've
actually been doing pretty well on these
macros on them on right now I definitely
haven't been hungry really at all so if
I can eat more food I'll definitely take
it right so that's it for now got to do
some stuff before Christmas Day which is
going to be here at my parents house
christmas eve we go over to my
grandparents who just live around the
corner from us so looking forward to the
family to Christmas Eve and spending
some time with the family
damn guys I'm looking like a fucking
mess yeah hair and that beard fucking
struggling mess here alright it is a
tuesday december twenty third day before
oh no sorry december 24th it's actually
christmas eve today and i woke up a
little while ago had weighed in at 180
1.8 so I actually hit new lows the past
two days I've been emailing Tyler my
daily weigh-ins just because my weight
has been dropping really quickly lately
not really sure why we had to increase
my macros from he gave me like about 40
extra grams of carbs per day for the
past week and a half or so and my weight
still been dropping really fast so right
now I just bumped him up again to 290
grams of carbs so an extra 15 and that's
going to be every day on my normal days
and then I'll still have a refeed once a
week and the refeeds have been kind of
changing last Saturday it was at 450
carbs so that was the highest refeed
I've had I've had as low as i think 350
fed like a 375 but I had the refeed
Sunday and then my weight was shooting
down after that so I'm sure we'll
probably keep it up around 450 or
somewhere around there for now too
that's once a week that's at 65 it's
been there the whole time and protein at
225 and that's been the same too so yeah
today's off day from training for me can
I go to the gym with Harry and my cousin
in a little bit and I'm just going to do
some cardio just my steady state I had
an apple and a banana so far I usually
just like to have some some carbs before
I don't to be full when I'm doing my
cardio and then that's it we're all the
families here so we're going to go over
to my grandma's house later tonight for
Christmas Eve favorite night of the year
really looking forward to it gonna give
us track macros we're going to stay on
point as possible obviously we're not
preparing
food so there's going to be some
guesswork but Harry and I are definitely
gonna have our scales on the table with
our family so it's not like they're
going to judge us or whatever so it's
not oh there's no point for us to not
track our macros honestly because it's
going to allow us to stay on point and I
don't know people probably think we're
crazy but we're on contest prep if
you're not on contest prep and there's
no point in my opinion to track so
precisely on like the holidays or
whatever but if we can we might as well
it's obviously better if you can stay on
point so that's it I want to show you
guys something that my my girlfriend
made these cake balls she really wanted
Harry and I to be able to eat it so she
weighed out all like the ingredients and
everything that she used and she just
like wrote everything down for me and it
was actually really easy for me to
figure out the macros and I was like
eight grams of fat and 19 or 20 grams of
carbs per ball she made them like all
the same weight added the same amount of
chocolate and everything too because he
was should have been really upset if
Harry and I didn't try them so I'm
actually looking forward to those two
because um those are pretty good i'll
show you guys what they look like oh man
they smell fucking ridiculous this thing
smells so good what are you doing it's
all new components
make it up some kids put up the best one
comment comparing our vlogs to focuses
2011 that versus that means a lot bro
appreciate that sweetie got there looks
like fucking games double-decker chicken
sandwich now and see the gains being
made right now hey come on it's
Christmas Eve don't worry